Kiss the feet of the player closest to you.
Tell another player how you feel about them
Confess your undying love for a player of your choice
MEOW till your next turn
Put “Daddy” at the end of your sentences for 5 minutes
Drop your Lovense name
Ride any toy (in game) till your next turn
Play the last song you played during sex
Give someone a 10 sec blowjob
Turn on a dps toggle and let someone else try to find it
Perform a strip tease
Turn into your most unsexy avatar and try to hit on someone
Reveal your worst kink no one knows
If your a DOM/ switch and act like a pet for 5 minutes
If you’re a switch/pet act like your DOM for 5 minutes
Change your bio to whatever the group decides
Everyone but the player that pulls this must get naked
Talk with a british accent till your next turn
Touch yourself till your next turn
Order another player around for 2 min
Bark till your next turn
Pick any other players to erp with each other
Make out with a player of your choice
Dm the last person you messaged and ask to erp
Tell the closest person you love them
Describe your recently taken nude
Turn into the avatar the person to your left chooses for you
Tell a sexual secret
Describe your last orgasim in uncomfortable detail
Take loud uncomfortable breaths till your next turn
Try to make whoever you think is hottest horny
Describe to a player of your choosing how you would fuck them
 Sexually degrade yourself till your next turn
Sexually degrade another player for 5 min
Pleasure yourself with your own toy till your next turn
Whisper a secret into someone's ear
Describe in detail what it feels like to be inside someone.
Describe what it is like for someone to be inside you.
Kiss everyone playing this game on the lip
Look up a porn video, watch it and narrate it to everyone here.
Text a random friend something really dirty and apologize.
Strip down completely, and stay that way for the rest of the game.
Moan sexually, loud enough for everyone to hear
Describe your ideal dick (size, shape)
Tell us the one thing you love the most in a man's or woman's body.
Sing the most romantic and dirty song you have in mind.
Look a player in the eye and say the dirtiest thoughts that come to your mind.
Update your VRCHAT status with, “I’M HORNY” for an hour.
Demonstrate how you love to be cuddled.
What’s the best pickup lines that someone has ever used on you
Act extremely shy for 5 min
Act extremely confident for 5 min
Log out of vrchat for 5 minutes
Beg a player to remove their pants
Say the nicest thing you can think of to a player.
Suggest a 3some to another player
Remain silent and frozen for the next 60 seconds.
Ride another player for 5 minutes
Make yourself Cum by the end of the game
Make another player un-horny 
Declare to everyone in the room you’re a dirty degenerate
Kiss another player down the neck 
Do the worst impression of someone orgasming.
Act as a sex slave for 3 min
Everyone in the room has to give you a kiss
Reply with “Thank you Daddy” after every sentence till the end of the game
Change your VRCHAT status to “I’m coming” for 1 hour
Tickle someone toes
Give a sexy version of "How to Make Cereal".
Refer to everyone as “Master” till the end of the game
Refer to everyone as Kitten till the end of the game
Describe in great detail how the inside of your mouth feels
Sit in another players lap 
Put on your best Sale’s person voice and try to “Sell yourself/ or your toys” 
Talk about your penis as if it were a person
Hit on someone in the group like at a bar.
Slap your ass and talk about how bad you’ve been.
Play porn as your background noise till your next turn
Suggestively lick another players hand
Come out the closet
Come up with a fanfic about any two players
“Whip it out” and keep it out till the end of the game
Explain in detail why your zodiac sign is “the greatest”
Talk about yourself in the 3rd person
Give an uncomfortable lesson on “Anatomy”
Spit on someone
Pretend you got a nude from another player and describe what you saw
Try to guess another players worst kink
Keep your hand on another players inner thigh for 3 min
Drink or eat something sexually