How often do you masturbate
Would you call yourself attractive?
Would you fuck someone of the same gender/ have you already?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping
Would you lick your partner's toes?
How many people have you slept with
Would you fuck on the first date?
Would you let a train run on you?
What’s your darkest fantasy?
How many kinks do you have?
What's your worst kink
What’s your favorite position
Would you go out in public naked?
When’s the last time you took a shower?
How long have you had your current pair of underwear on?
Do you give head?
Does how wealthy your partner is, influence your chances of giving/having sex?
Do looks matter?
Do you have a crazy one-night stand story? What happened?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done in bed
Explain your most controversial opinion
Have you ever skipped foreplay?
Who did you think of last time you played with yourself?
Have you ever watched someone close to you having s#x? What did it feel like?
What do you love the most during foreplay?
Do you prefer lights on, or off?
How was your very first sex experience
Have you ever heard or felt like you have heard your parents doing it?
Longest you’ve gone without sex?
Have you ever been complimented after sex?
Do you enjoy erping with multiple people?
What’s your secret erp pleasure?
Would you erp with a mute?
What turns you off most during erp?
Have you ever stopped in the middle of erping for a non emergency? Why?
Have you ever climaxed from erping?
Who wouldn’t you erp with?
Have you ever cheated? If yes, why?
Have you ever growled during sex?
Are you a pet/ switch or Dom?
What part of your body gets complimented the most?
What is your horror sex story?
Are you a virgin? Why?
Leash or Whip?
Would you try double penetration?
Have you ever faked an orgasm?
What’s the sexiest part on a woman/man
Have you ever been in love?
Do you put pineapple on your pizza?
Have you ever made out with someone just because you wanted a favor or something in return?
Have you ever wished one of your closest cousins, sister or close relative wasn’t related to you at all? Tell us more about it.
What won’t you do during sex?
Ever been blindfolded?
What makes you climax the most during sex?
Have you ever taken someone’s virginity?
Have you ever ghosted someone right after sex and never gave a reason as to why you did it?
Have you ever made out with someone playing this game right now?
Do you make the first move?
Have you ever erped in a public world? 
What’s the riskiest thing you’ve done in vrchat?
Do you have phantom touch? Where?
Wildest thing you’ve seen in vrchat.
What is the funniest thing your ex has ever said to you?
Have you ever covered up a friend's/family's cheating?
Have you ever tried recreating a porn scene?
Is your partner climaxing, more important than your own climax?
Do you consider yourself a sadist?
Have you tried BDSM before?
How many adult toys do you own?
Have you ever called out “Daddy”/”Mommy” during sex?
What's “too large” of an age gap between couples?
What was your last sex dream about?
What are you looking for in a potential partner?
Would you bring food into the bedroom?
What's the wildest thing you’ve used to pleasure yourself?
How old were you when you first had sex/ masturbated?
Have you ever watched someone change secretly?
What celebrity would you fuck?
What do you think about friends with benefits?
Choose three words to describe yourself in bed?
Have you ever come too early?
What’s the dirtiest thing you wanted to say during sex but were too shy?
Have you ever masturbated in a public restroom?
What are the sexiest things someone has said to you?
Spit or swallow?
What is your favorite body part to get licked or sucked on?
Sweet and slow or fast and aggressive?
What sex toy would you like to try out next?
Would you try anal sex?
Would you let your partner pierce you?
Who do you simp for?
What category of porn do you watch that you don’t want others to know?
Are you loud in bed?
What’s the creepiest thing someone has said to you sexually?
Does size matter?
Ass or Tits?
Have you ever paid for sex?
Do you prefer a dominant, submissive partner? Explain why?
How old were you when you had your first orgasim?
What’s the best orgasm you’ve ever had?
Which player would you like to erp with
How many erp partners do you have
Have you ever been caught having sex/erping?